Madam, let me emphasize again
I'm just responsible for protecting Mr. Gao's safety
I don't have any feelings, let's just say
Gee, I didn't think of that.
We are actually looked down upon by you kid
I'm also General Gao's widow
I didn't expect to be disliked by you today
No old lady
Why don't you understand?
I've been on a mission from start to finish
Xiao Yun, let me ask you something
Would you like to marry Liang Wei?
Mom, Liao Fanren is really not bad.
It's not that I can't feel wronged.
Ah, you see my daughter agreed
Lao Fan, as long as you agree
Auntie will handle the wedding for you
Oh, Mom, I can't agree.
But are people willing to
What doesn't he want?
You are the president of Aolong Group
both talent and beauty
He is a small security guard
What does he have to choose?
The old lady is involved too much
It can't be decided in the short term, can it?
And I have other things to do today
Nothing is more important than my daughter's happiness
Hey, don't blame Auntie for being in a hurry
This emotional thing?
It can be done gradually.
But this marriage
I have the final say
And
I have got the order from Kyushu Admiral Wu
Handwritten congratulatory letter
If this marriage doesn't happen
Our family will become the laughing stock of the whole world
Oops, this, this
Why did Lord Wu follow to kill Rampant Kuang?